Update data-privacy to include `router.apollo.dev`. (#792)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/basics/data-privacy.mdx

| `https://usage-reporting.api.apollographql.com`        | Metrics reporting from the [Apollo Router](/router/configuration/telemetry/apollo-telemetry) (v0.1.0+), [Apollo Server](./metrics/sending-operation-metrics/) (v2.18.0+), and third-party API servers                                                                            |
| `https://rover.apollo.dev`                             | The [Rover CLI](/rover/)—all commands if [telemetry is enabled](/rover/privacy), `rover supergraph compose` when fetching new plugin versions, all `rover template` commands, and once per day to check for version updates                                                      |
| `https://api.apollographql.com/graphql`                | All [Rover CLI](/rover/) (v0.6+) commands that communicate with GraphOS, along with all requests to the [GraphOS Platform API](./platform-api/)                                                                                                                                  |

> | `https://router.apollo.dev`                            | The Apollo Router installer and when [telemetry is enabled](/router/privacy) |

Author: ```suggestion
| `https://router.apollo.dev`                            | All versions of Apollo Router's installer and additionally when [telemetry is enabled](/router/privacy) (on v1.9.0+)|
```

Reviewer: Perhaps reflecting the previous line

```suggestion
| `https://router.apollo.dev`                            | The Apollo Router installer, along with Router (v1.9.0+) [telemetry when enabled](/router/privacy) |
```

But mostly I just wanted to make sure you realized that most other lines had versions.

> | `https://router.apollo.dev`                             | The Apollo Router installer and when [telemetry is enabled](/router/privacy) |

Author: I'm not sure if all this spacing matters, but i'll be pedantic on the first one.  Too hard to line up the second one from the web interface.

```suggestion
| `https://router.apollo.dev`                            | The Apollo Router installer and when [telemetry is enabled](/router/privacy) |
```

> | `https://router.apollo.dev`                             | The Apollo Router installer and when [telemetry is enabled](/router/privacy) |

Reviewer: Worth including the minimum version where this is sent?

Author: I think it's at least all of 1.0.

Author: ok, it's >= 1.9.0.  But I'm not sure the nuance is worth taking up space for conditionally, tbh.  I think it muddies the simplicity of the statement.

Author: Took a shot.  lmkwyt.
